question: Part 1) Positive - what were the things you enjoyed about
the application process?  What things worked well for you?  What do
you think should be continued for future classes?

all was okay. understand the taking out the twitter, or anything
public, like youtube or the essay.

liked doing the website. always wanted to, but had never
committed. gave me a good incentive, and the deadline was good to push
myself rather than just trying to do stuff indefinitely.

liked that the founders were present on the social sites and the
forum. it was the most important to have the founders to be on the
forum, because it was important for people to feel like they were
looking for the best attitude and personal situation, rather than
picking just the best website product.

question: Part 2) Delta - what were things that should be changed
about the process?  What things felt badly structured, overly
difficult, or out of place?

question: Is there anything you'd like to change, or see changed?

other comments: i was employed, didn't want work to think i was going
away. had to set twitter private.

details about the program: it was unclear what the program curriculum
schedule would be like (9 months here, 6 months interning,
specialization after that, but should have found out before the
in-person interviews). before the in-person interview there was little
details about the program; even after the interview, it feels like
there is not much communication about it.

before holberton: straight line of communication with the founders
through forum. we got informational interviews. the details about the
program.

founders gave us challenges, and it added to a sense of pressure. the pressure came directly from the students involved in the projects, but i felt like it was maybe indirectly from how the founders were communicating about these optional projects.
students already in.  i didn't expect a high level of commitment
before even arriving; students were already struggling even to get to
SF and find living arrangements
